okay nice, now lets start working on the website. I need your ideas here as well. What I am envisioning right now that we also have a profile system, where each meal will be stored on a user's profile, that user can also log their weight daily, they could input their age, their height and whatever then we have a bmi calculator that updates each time any of the values are updated. So far, that's what I am thinking about the profiling system.

Then I want to make the website so that it has an overview page, a specific meal and workout page where they could add in much more details. Here is what I'm thinking:

Overview Page: Shows current calories consumed vs how many left for the day/target goal. A graph for weight tracking, a button to add in a meal or workout which would then open a smaller window or tab or whatever its called to input the needed details. Also shows the current routine day (for example, like if someone has recorded their routine as PPL then depending on the previous logged workout session it would display what to hit for the day and if its rest or not while also giving them the control if they chose to not workout or took a rest day or smth like that). For now that's what I am thinking for the overview page.

Meal page: Records user's meals alongside the recipe that they decided to use and calculate calories according to what the user inputted and servings i guess. this page will also contain a graph showcasing the current week's stats for calories consumed and obviously this page will also have the buttond to add in a meal. These recipes will constitute a recipe database that the user can choose from and add to their meals. The user can also add in custom recipes if they want to. I cant think of anything else but do let me know what you think.

Workout page: Similar to the meal page, this will record the user's workout sessions and calories burned. It will also have a graph showcasing the current week's stats for calories burned and workout consistency. This page will also have a button to add in a workout session. The user can choose from a list of common workouts or add in custom workouts if they want to. This page will also contain a section for the user's routine, where they can input their workout routine (for example, PPL, Upper/Lower, Full Body, etc.) and the website will automatically suggest what workouts to do based on the routine and the previous logged workout sessions. I also want there to be an option where the user can save different routines and select the workout from that routine and select how long they are going to follow that routine for so like it would be like "PPL - Day 1 - Push" and then it would display the whole workout session for that day with the exercises, sets, reps, and rest time and the total time that would take to complete the workout session inputted by the user.

This is what I have in mind so far, I need you to first structure these ideas into a more organized format and then you could give me your suggestions which if I liked then we'll add them to the list and work from there.